from his coach gronic lat stone and
here's a guy with a chance to win it if
he can win the free skating portion of
this competition he would be the
champion and he skated very well Friday
night think he's very elegant he's
technically consistent he's musical his
first move
the infamous triple axel
it's triple-jump combination
so I need these moves so the program is
interesting has variation and he
certainly is putting energy into it mark
Mitchell finished third last year in
Salt Lake City but still did not go to
the roles in Halifax woman had missed
that competition in Salt Lake with an
injury and then they sent Christopher
instead which will trying to earn his
way to Munich nice position
what we say is wonderfully consistent
technical hoods absolutely secure
very straightforward he seems to come
out of all of his jump so solidly they
don't have the height that's on the
Christopher Bowman had right
he also has clean lines
I'll tell you this is one competition I
really would not want a good I thought
this was a very neat very clean very
consistent very grateful elegant
musical a lovely program I'm saying